Previously, on "Being Mary Jane"...
I'm not mad, I'm hurt.
I'm on this rollercoaster ride with you.
So, when you decide to jump off,
I feel the scrapes, too.
I would like to formally welcome
"Great Day USA's"
newest correspondent, Dani Hollins.
There was a guy.
He only wanted help
getting his art out there.
You came to New York
to find a sugar daddy
to solve your problems
and take care of you?
Maybe it's time
to get real with yourself
and find what makes you wanna get up.
You two are involved, romantically.
I'm taking you off her stories.
And there's more.
Justin, I'm sending you to Kansas.
Stay focused. Here we go.
Let's see what's what.
Amsterdam. Istanbul.
Berlin.
A typical producer.
Kabul? Who'd you go to Kabul with?
That's what I thought.
Okay.
One little look around won't hurt.
Sorry not sorry, girl.
You know that's right.
Well...
you can't fault a brother
for being prepared for the Apocalypse.
Dork. Okay.
Good morning.
Hey, morning.
What's got you going this early
and dressed up to boot?
You know that old saying...
the early bird gets the worm.
Nobody's gonna help me be successful,
so, I've gotta go get it.
Is this about some guy?
No, it's not about some guy.
A job?
Not just a job, a career.
And what sparked this new attitude?
I don't know. I guess...
seeing New York,
spending time with Auntie.
It just gave me a whole new perspective.
I'm stepping into my destiny.
Well, when you get to destiny,
pick up more half and half, this is bad.
Hey, girl, guess what?
That bullied cub scout that fought back,
I told his parents
that he deserves to tell his story.
We've got a full-fledged
social commentary on our hands now.
Yes, mama!
Okay.
I mean, I'm all about more eyes on me,
but why the sudden push?
Since Ronda dispelled those nasty rumors,
they wanna promote GDU
as one big, happy family.
I mean, we all can be related,
except for Mary Jane.
She could be our adopted
sister from Malawi.
Your social media will blow up that.
A closed-door conversation.
Am I being let go?
No. No.
- Then what did you want to talk about?
- Snooping.
How far is too far?
Lord. What did you do?
I may have taken a box of keepsakes
from Justin's apartment.
You didn't start
with misdemeanor snooping,
you went to grand larceny.
I only looked at, like, an eighth of it.
Perhaps a third.
- Perhaps.
- And what did you find?
Okay, so, he dated this girl
named Simone for years,
and he saved all
of the birthday cards she sent him.
I didn't peg him as a romantic.
I know, but he also may have
slept with his therapist.
There was a letter. It was cryptic.
I'm not supposed to know this.
You took a man's private belongings
and now you feel guilty.
We have been together for weeks,
and I still feel like I don't know him.
Put the box back and talk to him.
- I will.
- When?
- After you've looked everything?
- Basically.
Immediately.
And by the way, Mary Jane,
if you don't book my bartender Lorenzo,
he won't be available
for your house warming.
Right. Yeah. I can't do that party.
Why not?
You know how GDU is trying to sell
the whole one big happy family thing?
And I thought, great,
I can invite my friends from work.
Except now Justin's gone
and Kara's not talking to me,
and my brother, PJ,
is trapped in Dubai somewhere.
I have no buffers. I can't do it.
It's a work party now. You can't cancel.
Suck it up, girl.
And it won't kill you
to plaster on that fake smile
and play hostess for one night.
- You do it every day at GDU.
- I sure do.
- Watch me work.
- Right, then.
I never expected to see you
back here, Niecy.
I know, Claudia.
I was wondering if we could talk.
I don't have much time.
That's okay.
Look, I just came here to apologize.
I screwed up, major bad.
Our agreement
was that you give me a booth
while I go to school for my license.
Not everybody gets that deal.
I realize that now.
And I never should have dropped out.
You have the talent,
so, I thought
I could take a chance on you.
Well, since you feel that way,
I was hoping
that you would give me my job back.
Look, I even paid to enroll in classes.
I've got the receipt right here.
Honestly, Niecy, I don't feel comfortable
taking another chance.
I can't afford to.
Look...
this is important to me.
When something is truly important,
we do the work and we don't make excuses.
It's not an excuse.
You were a single mother.
You know how hard it is.
Yes, I do,
and I still found a way
to be a mom and go to school.
If this is what you want
for you and your kids,
you'll find a way to do both...
at some other salon.
Now, if you will excuse me,
I have to get ready for my first client.
Protest is telling the truth in public,
that we use our bodies and our voices
to tell the truth in the street.
Be mindful that we aren't born woke.
Something wakes us up.
It's important to remember
that activism, that protest,
is not only in the street.
It's not only retweeting a hashtag
or wearing a t-shirt,
or standing outside,
but a movement is many things.
- And as we move forward...
- Faggot.
As we... move forward,
it's important to remember
that we take the truth everywhere,
to the dinner table,
in our schools, in our churches...
Nah, what we need is a real leader.
Yeah.
Thank you, Patrick Patterson,
for the invitation.
DeRay Mckesson, a powerful voice
from the Black Lives Matter movement,
coming here from Baltimore to mobilize,
motivate us and help us speak our truth.
Let's all show him some more gratitude.
Tying that workout story
to chronic back pain...
that was fresh.
It was Justin's idea, wasn't it?
I suppose that's why
he's a senior producer, the fresh ideas.
I thought he got the job
'cause Ronda wanted another black.
I think they knew each other.
But you know...
Justin's a smart producer.
Yeah. Isn't his mother white?
I don't... know.
Excuse me, Dani?
I'm sure that a woman
with your elite background
doesn't mean to suggest
that Justin's intelligence
is attributable to his mother
being Caucasian, right?
Because that comment
would be incendiary,
and flat-out racist.
No, that's not what I meant at all.
I was referring to his blue eyes.
You know, for once,
I really wish that I could make
an observation about a person of color
and it not be labeled as racist.
Bullshit!
Yeah, I'm gonna call it.
I'm gonna go ahead and call bullshit!
And not that his racial background
is any of your concern,
but both
of Justin Talbot's parents are black.
So, contrary to what your narrow mind
might believe,
white people do not have
a monopoly on unique eye color
any more than they do on intelligence,
which is a fact that you drive home
on a regular basis.
So, the next time you get the urge
to exercise "free speech,"
by unclogging
that verbal diarrhea factory
you call a mouth and spewing
your partisan bullshit
all over this studio,
do us all a favor and shut the hell up,
you ill-mannered, over-privileged,
under-educated simpleton!
Shut up!
The fall-out from this mess
is going to cost us viewers,
which means lower ratings,
which means lower revenue.
So, when I get upstairs,
we need to talk to Legal.
How bad is it?
Girl, first tell me... are you okay?
No. No. You know, I never thought
I would actually miss
the days when racism
was administered covertly,
you know,
'cause this president, he has...
he has encouraged
the dim-witted radicals
to just walk on over
and start shit with me.
And you know what really sucks
is when you're branded unreasonable,
or "the angry black woman,"
or, "gosh, she's so overly sensitive,"
when you are actually offended
when someone is spouting off
with their racist opinions.
But we live in a free country
where everyone is able to just...
speak their truth, right?
By all accounts, you are correct.
And Justin and I just had
a fricking win with Garrett
with that last story and now...
I go and do this.
I'll go to Garrett's office
to assess right now.
Girl, while I'm there,
regain your composure,
then step out of here
like you're the anchor of this show.
Thank you.
- Great hearing you live.
- It's great to see you.
I've heard so much about the work
you're doing in Atlanta, keep it up.
I know there's a lot of work to do.
Black tutors have been talking you up.
I don't know what that means,
but I thank you.
Just trying to do my part.
Excuse me for a minute.
What's your name, man?
Jovan.
It looked like you had an issue
with today's speech.
- It's still a free country, right?
- If we are vigilant, it'll stay that way.
There's a right and wrong way
to voice opposition.
Nah, I get it.
You think I'm just some thug
you can school about tactics.
No, I'd actually like to hear
what you have to say.
No, I would. How about we go grab
a bite to eat and we can talk about it?
Get some real food.
- You buying?
- Yeah, I'm buying.
All right. What are we talking,
pizza or burgers?
Whatever you prefer.
Niecy, you're good at hair,
so just do hair.
But I don't wanna do my friends' weaves
in my grandmother's basement.
A chair at a salon would make me legit,
get me clientele.
Well, doesn't your mother do hair?
Why don't you just ask her?
You know, I wanted to see
how long it would take her to reach out
if I stopped calling,
just as an experiment.
And how long has it been?
Going on three months now.
Damn. Sorry, girl.
- Your mom's starting to act like mine.
- I know, it's just so frustrating
'cause I need this job.
Now Claudia's starting to look at me
like I'm some screw-up like my dad.
- What? She said you were a screw-up?
- She didn't have to.
She knows about my dad's drug trouble.
Niecy, from where I'm sitting,
you're not a screw-up.
You've gotta get that out of your head.
That's where it is, in your head.
- I know.
- You sure?
'Cause it seems like the only person
that thinks you're a screw-up is you.
Wait. Wait a minute.
What happened? What?
Well, when are you gonna know more?
I can't, honey. I'm at work right now.
You can use my office,
if you need some privacy.
Okay.
Hey. So, I just left Garrett's office.
- What do you wanna hear first?
- Let's start with the good news.
Garrett and I are smoothing
things over with HR.
Thank God.
Okay... The bad?
Garrett's most concerned
about a potential PR problem.
We just got out of hot water
with the whole Ronda debacle,
and an hour after shooting a spot
promoting the GDU family,
you and a new colleague are going at it.
But what happened
was within the GDU walls,
- there's no pictures or video, so...
- People talk.
That, they do.
Okay, well, let's... Let's put our heads
together and strategize a solution.
I already offered Garrett one
and he's down.
Do I even wanna know?
Your upcoming house warming party.
Garrett wants me to get a photographer
from "Entertainment Weekly" to be there
to promote the GDU family thing.
That means everyone
would be there, including Dani.
Garrett will be in Silicon Valley
meeting with Zuckerberg for "Tech Week,"
but everyone else, yes.
It'll be a party full of people
that I don't like.
And it's not like they'd come
after what happened.
That brings me
to the second part of the deal.
God, there's more.
You're gonna have
to apologize, in public,
to the entire crew.
You need to convince everybody
you're genuinely sorry.
- Who DeRay gets with is his business.
- Nah, he's in the front lines.
He's making it my business.
How we gonna mobilize,
like MLK when we got some homo
running the show?
You really believe that?
With the challenges facing Black people
today, the stakes are too high.
If we wanna mobilize the masses,
we can't afford
someone like that leading.
Do you know the brainchild
behind the March on Washington?
- Martin Luther King.
- Wrong, it was Bayard Rustin.
Rustin was one
of Dr. King's closest advisors.
He was also openly gay.
If he was so open,
how come I never heard of him?
Dr. King needed to keep that under wraps.
But if Dr. King thought
like you and your boys,
there wouldn't have even been a march.
See, it'll be a great day when we can
convince everyone to support the cause,
even if they don't agree
with their sexuality.
But that day ain't here yet, so...
you may not like it,
but that's how it is.
Listen, we have an old saying in NA.
- NA?
- Narcotics Anonymous.
Take what you like, and leave the rest.
What's that mean?
There are tons of people involved
with "Black Lives Matter,"
so many others you can identify with.
If you don't like DeRay,
find someone else.
You said it yourself,
there's important work to be done.
So, you're gonna let DeRay
stop you from doing it?
A white woman, like Dani, gets to say
whatever she wants and get away with it,
but the black woman has to apologize?
You're not just any black woman,
you're the co-anchor.
You're a leader, so lead by example.
And Dani makes off-color remarks,
but she's harmless.
You are too young
to have encountered real racism.
Once you've lived a little,
you'll know what I mean.
Please. I grew up
on the South Side of Chicago,
and moved to Boston, which is
like traveling back in time to 1842.
I know racism.
But I have a trick
to help me bite my tongue.
I don't need any tricks.
Really? You could have gotten fired
for that clap-back at Dani.
If you don't figure out a way
to be civil to this woman,
it's your image that suffers, not hers.
Point taken.
What are your tricks?
You know how when someone
is dealing with stage fright,
they imagine everybody naked?
That's how I deal with racism.
You imagine racists in their panties.
No. I treat racism
as a disease of the mind.
When you feel a rant coming on,
imagine they're a bag lady on 5th Avenue
spewing all the crazy.
Ignore it and move on.
I might be able to learn
something from you.
Well, I'm happy to hear that.
Take what you just learned
and apply it to the apology
you're gonna give to everybody
before tomorrow's show.
Geez.
God, what now?
It's not work related.
I'm going to see
Chance the Rapper tonight.
Wow, I didn't even know
he was performing.
Yeah, a secret show in Brooklyn.
He dropped a hint about it on Whatsagwan.
- You're taking your man.
- Nah, just some friends.
Okay.
Well, you know, I've...
I have never seen him live.
That would be amazing.
Girl, you have no idea.
Well, you know, go. Have a good time.
Thanks. You know what?
If you need help with the apology,
just give me a call, okay?
You still haven't returned his things?
It took me hours
to put back everything
the way I found it.
I had to match everything, exactly.
I was not taking no chances. Look.
You took photos of the content.
Look, this ain't my first rodeo.
Obviously.
Wait, but why did it take you so long,
if you only looked through a third of it?
Okay, maybe it was half.
But you have to see
this one thing, please?
Please? Please? Okay.
Justin, he was doing
this health story, right?
And he got the insurance company
to pay for a little girl's operation,
and this little angel,
she made him a homemade card.
To thank him.
Are you not dying?
Okay, fine, I'll put it back,
I'll put it back.
All right, no stress.
Can you help me gather all this stuff
and we'll organize it later?
We?
Yes, the party planner's coming
and I can't have all of this. Please?
Thank you.
Okay.
Is this a pair of stockings?
You know what? Just put it away.
Just put it away.
No, let me see. Let me see.
Never speak of this again.
Are you kidding?
This is perfect party banter.
I'm sure everyone will have an opinion.
"I think Justin's a crossdresser."
"Well, I heard he was a cat burglar."
"I bet he uses
the stockings as a dew rag."
You just leave
Justin's special stockings alone.
Relax. I'm not even gonna be here.
What do you mean?
I get enough of you people
during business hours.
I am newly single. My nights are my own.
No, no. I won't have anyone to talk to.
I mean, Aaliyah's amazing,
but she's on the company payroll.
So am I.
You know what I mean, Ty.
Do you have any idea how hard it is
for a 40-year-old woman
to make new friends?
It's sad and creepy.
Fine. Count me in.
But between this mess, and the party?
You owe me favors
for the rest of the year.
I'll take it.
Can you hand me that crucifix?
Hey, everyone.
Sorry. I'm sorry to interrupt.
I just wanted to apologize
for my unprofessional behavior yesterday.
When faced with the opposing view
of a fellow colleague, I...
handled the situation very poorly,
and reacted out of anger.
You know, one of my goals,
while sitting at the anchor desk
is to make sure that GDU
feels like a true family operation,
where everyone
has a voice to speak their truth,
and that everyone's point of view
is respected,
even when others disagree with it.
That being said, the invitation
to my home is still open,
and I truly hope to see
you all there tonight.
Thank you for the apology, Mary Jane.
It was well said.
And I have faith that the photographers
will capture how truly close we all are.
All right?
Let's have a good show, everyone.
Two of my favorite things...
when someone can admit they're wrong
and a good party.
See you.
Great.
As soon as I wrap up with work,
I'm on my way. Okay. Bye.
Hey...
I know we're in a weird place right now,
but since my party's a work party,
I was hoping that we could put
our differences aside and you could come.
No, I'm sorry, I cannot come,
and even if I could, I wouldn't go
to your stupid party, okay?
Hasn't this gone on long enough?
- Come on.
- No, Mary Jane.
You've got to stop expecting this
to blow over, all right?
I meant every single word I said to you.
I am done!
- Hey, Jovan.
- Hey, what's up?
Come on in. Come on in.
You told me to meet you if I wanted
to go to the council meeting?
- Right.
- You still going?
- I am, yeah.
- Is it okay if I tag along?
Yeah, of course.
- All right, let me grab my keys.
- All right, man.
Hey, I'm Jovan.
- You're Patrick's daughter.
- Yeah, Niecy.
Yeah, me and your dad
are going to a meeting together.
- What kind of drugs are you on?
- What?
- You said a meeting.
- Nah, not that type of meeting.
Patrick, you know,
he's been giving speeches
and talking at city council meetings
and rallies,
and answering questions
about "Black Lives Matter".
He's out to mobilize the community.
Well, he ain't told me
nothing about all that.
He's been helping a lot of people.
Niecy, I'm about to step out for a bit.
Did you and Jovan meet?
Yeah, we just met.
Okay, I'll be home a little later. Bye.
- Nice meeting you.
- You too.
Hey, Emma.
A quick question.
Do you know what's going on with Kara?
- No idea.
- Something happening with her kids?
You know, honestly, if it's not
about work, it's not on my radar.
But given her lack of focus,
I think I should have Garrett
sign off the research for this segment.
Did she not approve it?
She did, but I heard
how she screwed up that Ronda story.
That wasn't her fault, Emma.
I just started here.
I'm trying to keep this job.
Your research.
Okay, well, if Kara turned this in,
it has been fully vetted
and it's good to go,
and if anyone has any questions,
they can ask me personally.
Operation failed.
No, no.
Damn it, what is it? What is it?
- Operation failed.
- No! Shit!
Tell me he didn't change the code on me.
Okay, okay.
Zero, four, one, nine, seven, six.
Unlocked.
Thank you. Okay.
Hey, Dad. You got a minute?
I've got a question for you.
Sure. What's going on?
When I met Jovan,
he told me that you've been speaking
at city council meetings and rallies.
- Is that true?
- Yeah, it is.
After I wrote that statement for you,
community leaders reached out
and asked me to speak.
How come you never invited me?
Well, after the tasing,
you wanted to put everything behind you.
You weren't interested
in hearing that statement.
- But I did. I listened.
- Yeah, only after we forced you to.
To be honest, Niecy,
I didn't think you wanted
to relive it all again, that's all.
I did feel like that,
but this is different.
There's nothing wrong
with letting me know about it.
- Okay.
- Okay?
Okay, I will.
Hey, let's get this party started.
I'm so glad you could come.
And Justin's box?
- Back safely where it belongs.
- Good girl.
Look who else is here.
I told you she's on
a strictly business kick with me.
Please. I'm sure by the end of the night,
you'll be braiding each other's hair
and sharing your dick pics.
Stop it.
And, if not, Kara can't keep giving you
the cold shoulder forever, boo.
- Let's hope not.
- Now, what can I help with?
You know?
You can man the door while I change.
- Gotcha.
- Thank you.
Here we go.
- Yes.
- You like?
Don't worry,
you are going to rule this party.
You are absolutely right.
Yes.
I'll be... damned!
Come... come on.
Are you kidding me?
This ditzy bitch
let her friend come into my home
with a racist billboard on her head.
Mary Jane, remember.
She's a crazy bag lady on 5th Avenue.
- A crazy bag lady on 5th Avenue.
- The photographer's here.
Are you okay if I leave you alone?
Yeah, no, it's...
It's time to take
the training wheels off.
I promise.
- Hey, Mary Jane.
- Hi, Dani.
Your loft is gorgeous.
You must earn a fortune
to be able to afford this.
Well, I do all right,
you know, for a diversity hire.
You really do.
Okay, I've gotta ask a question.
I was looking at that bookshelf,
and I saw an award
you got in high school.
Your last name is Patterson?
Yeah, my stage name is "Mary Jane Paul."
Right. Well, my given name
is Daniella Hollingsworth,
but I like to keep it
short and simple, you know,
like my idol Glenn Beck.
Well, that makes perfect sense.
So, what's your first name?
Is it one of those exotic names
that's kind of hard to pronounce?
No, it's Pauletta, after my father.
Oh, my God, best story ever.
Wait. Wait.
Why'd you give Dani the finger?
Everything that she says
is racist and incendiary.
What happened to your mantra?
I tried to picture her
as a crazy bag lady,
but those 1000-dollar Louis Vuitton
didn't go with the vision.
Okay...
I know that you took a picture of me
flipping the bird to my co-worker.
- Gonna need you to delete that.
- Not a chance.
Excuse me?
That picture could be
a career-changer for me.
I'm gonna tell you
how this is gonna work.
Real plain, real simple.
If you don't delete
the photo, I'm gonna...
What Mary Jane means is...
you're here to capture
the comradery of the GDU crew.
We don't feel the image
really represents that.
- No.
- What you've got to do...
Go entertain your guests. I got this.
Hi.
What's it gonna take?
Look, I'm freelance.
This picture's my golden ticket.
My firm runs hundreds of accounts
in New York City alone.
I personally book those events
and I control all the celebrity access.
You want your golden ticket?
You gotta go through me.
We're talking A-list?
Benny Medina is throwing a surprise party
for JLo next week.
Tons of A-list celebs.
Thank you.
Who the hell are those guys?
Mary Jane, they're my friends.
I invited them.
I didn't think that you'd mind.
This is turning into a Deploraball.
Okay, what this party
needs right now is music.
I am feeling that idea.
Okay, what about that one?
Nope. That ain't the one.
This song is on every brother's playlist.
Exactly. White folks
haven't discovered that yet.
Girl, gimme your phone.
- Yeah, here we go.
- Really?
My God, y'all, I love this song!
Bring those moves in
so everybody can see them.
All right.
My turn.
Do you think that we satisfied the media,
convinced them
that we are "The Brady Bunch"?
Ronda would have never subjected herself
to this kind of stunt.
Well, I see that you are playing the role
of the angry drunk in the family, Aaron.
Come on, Aaron, it's time for shots.
There you go.
- Cheers!
- Salut!
Get in the shot.
Well, we had to extinguish some fires,
- but I think it's shaping up all right.
- You think so?
Yeah. Definitely time for you
to get off the clock, you hear me?
- I insist.
- If you insist.
I do.
Major throwback.
This was the theme
to my 25th birthday party.
Wow. I don't think I even had
my driver's license yet.
Ty? Ty?
Ty?
Ty! What are you doing?
Making America great again.
One closeted Republican at a time.
I can't...
Where's Mary Jane?
I have no idea.
Everybody, come on, gather around.
Kara?
Mary Jane...
It's my dad.
It's okay.
This is the end for him.
I'm so sorry.
You're still here?
Somebody had to lock up.
Wow, by the looks of this place,
I'd say Operation
"Make GDU the Perfect Family"
appears to be a success.
Yeah, I'm sorry I ducked out.
Kara's dad is dying and...
I just went to be with her.
I apologize for leaving you here.
No, no, that's sweet.
So, everything turned out okay here?
I managed to deal with Dani
and my sanity is still intact.
When did you become this wise sage?
No, seriously, are you a Buddhist?
No, no, I'm not Buddhist.
My mom was bipolar, actually.
She taught me how to have
empathy for people who suffer.
So, you can see somebody like Dani
and have compassion.
Exactly. And the truth is,
it's more for me than them,
'cause it makes my life so much easier.
Mad props to you, girl, cause...
you are wise beyond your years.
Stop.
No, I'm serious.
With people like you leading the way,
future generations might
actually have some hope.
- Preach, queen.
- You know.
Well, I should get going.
You know, hey, Aaliyah.
I hope this doesn't sound weird
or anything, but...
would you wanna hang out some time?
I mean, nothing work related
or anything,
like, not like this, but...
just like, pure,
unadulterated socializing?
I swear I'm not a creeper.
You're being serious right now?
Yeah.
Yes, I would totally love
to hang out with you.
Cool.
No. What are you doing?
Care to join me?
- Would you like to do the honors?
- Sure.
Wait, but first...
Later, sucker.
If I was gonna tell you
how we need to build trust
between our neighborhoods
and the police,
it needed to start right here with me.
When I overcame my drug addiction,
I learned to listen and to trust myself.
It wasn't until then
that I could listen to others.
Listening and understanding,
one person at a time.
That's how we build trust
between ourselves and our community
between our youth and the police,
by really listening to each other.
Yeah, I'll do your color through here.
I think we could do that.
Niecy.
I thought I was clear before.
There's nothing more
I can do to help you.
No, you were clear.
But I have a proposition
for you now, if you will listen.
Girl, five minutes.
It's been hard for me to face up
to the mess that I made of my life.
But I have two kids depending on me now.
You said if something is truly important,
you do the work
and you don't make excuses.
Well, I'm ready to do the work,
and I'm done making excuses.
So, if you will please
give me a second chance,
and give me my booth back.
I don't have any more room, Niecy.
I'm sorry.
All right, well...
I appreciate the opportunity
and thank you for your time, Claudia.
Take care.
Wait, Niecy.
Okay, how about you be
my new shampoo and sweep girl?
You can build up hours in the salon,
and we'll revisit
getting your booth back.
All right. It's a deal. It's a deal.
Great.
You can start today.
Okay.
Thank you.
¿Cómo estás, Lupe?
Muy bien, Miss Mary Jane.
I made coffee for you.
Before I go, I found this
under your couch. It looked important.
Gracias.
Nope, nope. I'm not gonna do it.
I'm gonna leave it there with the others.
I will return it when I can.
I'm not gonna look at you.
I'm not gonna do it.
Damn it.
Justin's worth 30 million dollars?